<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<!--[if IE]><meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"><![endif]-->
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
<meta name="generator" content="Asciidoctor 1.5.6.1">
<title>EE4J PMC Meeting #5</title>
<style>

</style>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.6.3/css/font-awesome.min.css">
</head>
<body class="article toc2 toc-left">
<div id="header">
<h1>EE4J PMC Meeting #5</h1>
<div id="toc" class="toc2">
<div id="toctitle">Table of Contents</div>
<ul class="sectlevel1">
<li><a href="#general">General</a></li>
<li><a href="#brand-name">Brand Name</a></li>
<li><a href="#general-discussion-regarding-pmc-role">General Discussion Regarding PMC role</a></li>
<li><a href="#statement-to-community-regarding-changes-in-projects">Statement to Community regarding changes in projects</a></li>
<li><a href="#next-meeting">Next Meeting</a></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<div id="content">
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="general"><a class="anchor" href="#general"></a><a class="link" href="#general">General</a></h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Date: 2018-01-23</p>
</div>
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Present:</p>
</div>
<div class="ulist">
<ul>
<li>
<p>Kevin</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Steve</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>David</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Dmitry</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ivar</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="brand-name"><a class="anchor" href="#brand-name"></a><a class="link" href="#brand-name">Brand Name</a></h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Input from Wayne is that it looks like three of the names on our list are viable
as brand names. We have a little more work to do, however, so we&#8217;re not quite
there yet. He is hopeful that we can have it all wrapped up this week and we can
start the next steps.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="general-discussion-regarding-pmc-role"><a class="anchor" href="#general-discussion-regarding-pmc-role"></a><a class="link" href="#general-discussion-regarding-pmc-role">General Discussion Regarding PMC role</a></h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Discussion regarding the role of the pmc and what agenda items we are actually
supposed to deal with. This will hopefully be made clearer when the working group
and processes around that has been defined. We should set up a fixed set of agenda i
tems and figure out what meeting frequency that makes the most sense.
Weekly meetings seems to be a little overkill.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="statement-to-community-regarding-changes-in-projects"><a class="anchor" href="#statement-to-community-regarding-changes-in-projects"></a><a class="link" href="#statement-to-community-regarding-changes-in-projects">Statement to Community regarding changes in projects</a></h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Dmitry went through the proposed document with the statement from the PMC to the
community regarding how to handle contributions and new development until the legal
agreements between Oracle and Eclipse have been signed. The document will be
polished and reviewed by the other PMC members before made public to the community.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="sect1">
<h2 id="next-meeting"><a class="anchor" href="#next-meeting"></a><a class="link" href="#next-meeting">Next Meeting</a></h2>
<div class="sectionbody">
<div class="paragraph">
<p>Next PMC meeting will be February 6th? (two weeks from today)</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>