= EE4J Meeting Minutes

== General
Date: 2017-12-05

Present

- Wayne Beaton
- David Blevins
- Steve Millidge
- Dmitry Kornilov
- Mark Little
- Ian Skerrett
- Ivar Grimstad

== Agenda Items

=== Logistics
- Discussed how this is normally done in other Eclipse projects.
- Discussed the need for a private channel for the PMC to discuss sensitive issues
- Decided to schedule monthly meetings for the EE4J PMC Tuesdays at 17:00 CET 
- Minutes from PMC meetings to be published on the ee4j-pmc mailing list  

=== Brand Name 
- Every PMC member picks 5 favourites each from the list. By Thursday end-of-day.
- Consolidate the top five to a short list in a document for how the names can be used 
- Keep private until names is ready to be voted for by the community 
- Check for trademark issues
- Progess in the process must be communicated to the community as soon as possible
- Goal to open the vote by Dec 15, run for a month until Jan 15
- Promote both initially as well as after New Year
- *Item to be revisited next PMC meeting*

=== Project Names
- Discussed the proposed naming of the project proposals
- The current suggestion is that API/spec projects should be called something like
Eclipse project for "Old name", e.g. Eclipse project for JMS, Eclipse project for JPA etc.
These projects contain the API, Interfaces and TCK
- The Reference implementations exist as a separate projects, such as Eclipse Moharra, Eclipse Jersey
- There may be JSRs that initially contain the RI as well, with the intention to split out as
separate projects later. E.g. JSON-B
- *Item to be revisited next PMC meeting*

=== Initial Committers
- Lists of suggestions are created
- Will continue to add to this list until the projects are ready to go.
- This also applies to selecting project Leads
- *Item to be revisited next PMC meeting*

=== Next Meeting
- The EE4J will meet next week 