= EE4J PMC Meeting #20

== General

Date: 2018-08-28

Present:

* David
* Mark
* Wayne
* Kevin
* Dmitry
* Steve
* Ivar

== Action Items

Reviewed, discussed and updated the GitHub Issues, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues.
Defer to next meeting.

== Release Reviews

https://projects.eclipse.org/projects/ee4j.jaxrs/reviews/2.1.1-release-review 
https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=538340 

Wayne will initiate the process. At least one PMC member needed to +1.
Look out for javax namespace e.g.

== CI/CD Pipelines

Dmitry went through the status.
Concern that there is a lack of commitment and initiative from community.
Only active project seems to be jax-rs and jersey.

Actions: 

* Dmitry will add project leads to the spreadsheet
* Reach out the the project leads (all, to respective organization) and push them
* Encourage project leads to subscribe to the pmc mailing list as well as the dev-list of their project (Ivar mail on community lists)
* Cross post link to minutes on both community and pmc list

== CQ Walkthrough

Wayne went through the list of CQs and their status.
PMC do a quick technical assessment in order to approve. IP team will do a thorough review.
Look for third party, namespaces, license

Action: All PMC members go through the workswith CQ and give a +1 in comment field if ok.

https://dev.eclipse.org/ipzilla/buglist.cgi?query_format=advanced&short_desc_type=allwordssubstr&short_desc=&product=ee4j&long_desc_type=substring&long_desc=&bug_file_loc_type=allwordssubstr&bug_file_loc=&keywords_type=allwords&keywords=&bug_status=NEW&emailassigned_to1=1&emailtype1=substring&email1=&emailassigned_to2=1&emailreporter2=1&emailcc2=1&emailtype2=substring&email2=&bugidtype=include&bug_id=&chfieldfrom=&chfieldto=Now&chfieldvalue=&cmdtype=doit&order=Reuse+same+sort+as+last+time&field0-0-0=noop&type0-0-0=noop&value0-0-0=[Open EE4J CQs] 

== PMC Presence at OC1 and ECE

We have a room with classroom-like setup, with a capacity of about 130 people dedicated to Jakarta EE and MicroProfile.

Eclipse Foundation seeks input from the  PMC on what type of activities we should plan for this event? 

Here are some of the questions:

*Who from the PMC is going to EclipseCon Europe 2018?*

*ECE*

* Steve
* Kevin
* Wayne
* Dmitry

*OC1*

* David
* Ivar
* Mark


*What can we do on the Jakarta EE and MicroProfile Community Day?*

For example, we can possibly do Specification related conversation (current state and future)
Covered by the Jakarta EE Marketing Committee. Ask them to reach to the PMC members going to the conferences. 

*Plan for activities related to EE4J projects.* 

Action: Ivar mail list of pmc members to Tanya

*What other activities we can plan?*

Can we do hands-on of some type on MicroProfile?

== Project Status

8 projects lack initial contribution. Should be right around the corner. 

== Next Meeting

Tuesday Sep 11 at 18:00 CET (NOTE this will be a 30 min meeting). 
