= EE4J PMC Meeting #23

== General

Date: 2018-10-09

Present:

* Tanja
* Wayne
* Kevin
* Dmitry
* David
* Mark
* Steve
* Ivar

== Action Items

Reviewed, discussed and updated the GitHub Issues, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues.

== Maven coordinates for implementation projects

There are some implementations using com.sun and org.glassfish groupIds. We need to make a statement about how to deal with it. 
Options are:
Leave it as it is for now and change it in the next GF release (I vote for it)
Change it now to something eclipse/ee4j related

Recommend using standard Eclipse groupIds like: org.eclipse.<projectname> for the next GlassFish release. Use existing for this upcoming release (if the current TM owners are ok with it). 

== Module Names

https://www.eclipse.org/lists/ee4j-pmc/msg01229.html 

https://www.eclipse.org/lists/ee4j-pmc/msg01195.html 

=== Specification Projects

For the upcoming release, i.e. re-releasing the EE 8 versions, nothing should be changed.
No changes in module names for upcoming release. No module names must be added for this release.

Decision:
For future releases (master branch), the names should follow a standard, but we are not sure how and by whom this standard should be created.

Proposal:
One way is that it is derived from a community discussion facilitated by the PMC.
Start of the discussion with a statement where the PMC recommends using “jakarta.*” as module names.

=== Implementation Projects

The jakarta namespace must not be used for implementation projects. Eclipse standard practices should be used. The PMC suggests “org.eclipse.*” as module name. Present on the mailing list and see how the feedback will be.

Ivar: Create a GitHub issue and email a link to the issue. One for each of the project types.

Spec Projects: https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues/34

Implementation Projects: https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues/35

== New lead for Common Annotations project

Werner Keil and Markus Karg volunteered. The PMC suggest to propose them as co-leads. They must first be voted in as committers. Move discussion to the mailing list.

== PMC members involvement

Users are complaining that emails in PMC mailing list are not answered or the response is slow.

PMC members are encouraged to be more active on the mailing list.

== Next Meeting

Tuesday Nov 6 at 17:00 CET +
*NOTE that we skip the meeting scheduled during EclipseCon/Code One*
