= EE4J PMC Meeting #16

== General

Date: 2018-06-19

Present:

* Dmitry
* Steve
* David
* Wayne
* Ivar

== Action Items

Reviewed, discussed and updated the GitHub Issues, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues.

== Promote EE4J Technical Direction

Discussed whether we should promote the technical direction document (https://www.eclipse.org/ee4j/news/?date=2018-06-08) in some way.

Point to the Marketing Committee in this direction?
Agreed that we should tweet about it from our personal accounts as well as ask the Jakarta EE Marketing Committee to tweet a link from @JakartaEE.

The document should also be moved to a more suitable place than a news item on the web page. Ivar will add an action item to the issue tracker for this.

https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues/28 

We should get control of the @EclipseEE4J Twitter handle. Wayne will try to find out if anyone in the Eclipse Foundation controls this handle.

== Overall process to get SNAPSHOTS into Maven Central (OSSR)

The EE4J projects will sooner or later have the need to publish SNAPSHOT version. 
We need to first figure out what is legally possible
Then get the correct permissions from Sonatype to push. 
We will have to wait for Oracle agreement to be in place.
Probably best to do this as a bulk operation rather than every project having to do this on their own.

Ivar will create an action item on GitHub for creating a list of all the group idâ€™s that will be affected. Typically, org.glassfish, javax, net.java etc.

https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues/27

Wayne will mention it for the Jakarta EE Steering Committee meeting later today.

== Release Reviews and Dependency Graphs

We need a way to ensure that release reviews are made in the correct order.
Dmitry has created a starting point for a project tree that defines the dependencies between the projects and thus the order to perform release reviews.
We will publish the picture on the revamped website and get community to review.
There will probably be some need for educating the projects so project dependencies are well understood.

== EE4J Website

Current setup was just something to get us started and it has reached its limit regarding scaling.
Wayne will set up a new structure that is more suitable for our needs.

== Next Meeting

Tuesday Jul 03 at 17:00 CET. 
