== EE4J PMC Meeting #11

== General

Date: 2018-04-10

Present:

* Dmitry
* Kevin
* Steve
* Wayne
* David
* Ivar

== Project Proposals

=== Use of Jakarta EE name in EE4J projects

https://dev.eclipse.org/mhonarc/lists/jakarta.ee-wg/msg00033.html

We will revisit this item later when the Jakarta EE WG is fully operational.

=== Status

Approve Batch 3 of Projects:

* Eclipse Glassfish - *ok* +
Reach out to community to get contributors

* Eclipse Project for Interceptors - *ok* +
Discussion about combining it into the EJB project or keep as own project.
Decided to keep as own project for now.

* Eclipse Project for JCA - *ok*
* Eclipse Project for JACC - *ok*

* Eclipse Project for EJB - *on hold* +
Waiting for confirmation for project lead from Red Hat (and Tomitribe?)


* Eclipse Project for Servlet (API) - *on hold* +
Waiting for confirmation for project leads

* Eclipse Project for JSP (API) - *on hold* +
Tomitribe and Red Hat to add committers

* Eclipse Project for JASPIC - *on hold* +
Waiting for committers from Red Hat

* Eclipse Project for Stable Jakarta APIs - *on hold* +
The PMC members are all project leads.
Question for Mark: should Scott stark represent Red Hat as lead?

* Eclipse Jakarta EE TCK - *on hold* +
The concept is good.
May be split into several repos/projects later.
Committers from more vendors and community needed!

*Action for all PMC members to review the project proposals.*

=== JSR 330 DI

Nothing new. +
Action for Ivar: Reach out to David Delabassee

=== JPA API

From discussions on mailing list: Missing from Project Bootstrapping Status.
The project is included in EclipseLink right now.
Will be split out to separate API project later.

== Common Code Conventions

There is a suggestion on the community mailing list to have common code conventions for all EE4J projects,
https://dev.eclipse.org/mhonarc/lists/ee4j-community/msg01432.html

*Decision:*
Define recommendations on the EE4J Wiki, but leave it to the projects to enforce.
Keep the recommendations as “light” as possible to avoid unnecessary maintenance overhead

The recommendations on the Wiki may also include collaboration methods as we discussed in
https://www.eclipse.org/ee4j/minutes/?date=2018-03-13#preferred-collaboration-methods

Action for Ivar: Create the wiki and start adding content.

== EE4J Parent pom.xml

https://dev.eclipse.org/mhonarc/lists/ee4j-pmc/msg00231.html

Discussed the need for a EE4J parent pom to replace the java.net parent pom with common things like plugin versions,
repositories, checkstyle, code coverage, etc.
There may be need for different parent poms for different project types (API, Spec, Implementation)

*Decision:*
Create a parent pom in the EE4J repository https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j
Extract project later if needed.
Use of the parent pom is recommended, but not mandatory.

== General EE4J Wiki

Discussed need for a Wiki for EE4J related information, such as code conventions, configurations for Travis etc.

*Decision:*
Use the EE4J Wiki on GitHub, https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/wiki. +
Ivar will add a page for code conventions as described in separate agenda item. +
Dmitry will add a page for Travis configuration.

== Issue Tracker for PMC Questions

Discussed more active use of the GitHub issue tracker.
Communicate on mailing lists that https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/ee4j/issues can be used for questions to PMC to follow up.

== Duke Images

https://dev.eclipse.org/mhonarc/lists/ee4j-pmc/msg00234.html

Is there some way to allow projects to continue use them? +
Tabled to next meeting.

== Maintainer Access to repositories

The webmaster will upon request give project leads or designated comMitters maintainer access to repos to maintain settings etc.
This is always a time-limited, temporary solution.

== Next Meeting

Tuesday April 24 at 17:00 CET